1. django downloaded and initialized
2. created "main" application
3. created the ToDo list view, url, and model, created the Item model
4. created ToDo lists with several items each, saved to SQL, visualized on website
    bug: website did not load todo list because I forgot to migrate changes
5. created first admin account
6. registered ToDo list and Item models to admin dashboard
7. created templates folder to store html files for each application
8. created base.html file to be inherited by all other html files
9. created list.html to display name and contents of todo list
10. created a form to allow users to create to do lists and stored them in SQL
    bug: form did not submit because I was not generating a CSRF token each time
11. created a http redirect from create list to view the created todo list
    bug: URL was originally showing the name of the list, but now it displays ID
         to ensure user privacy
12. custom form for item input
13. added sidebar for website navigation
14. added bootstrap functionality
15. added static title header to base.html
16. added bootstrap theme to view tab (list.html)
17. created "register" application for user account creation
18. created register.html

19. added new account registration
20. added email field to new account registration
21. added crispy forms to register.html
22. created login.html
23. added user authentication to home, create, and view
24. added a foregin key in ToDoList to User in order to create an todolist_set
for each user (this adds user-specific todo lists)
25. changed the "create" view: each todolist is now saved only to user that created it
26. updated view page to list links for each todolist
27. changed "index" view to only display a todolist if it exists in user's db
28. added logout button and redirected logout page to login page
29. created Project and Issue models
    bug: date fields were not updating, so I overrode the save function to save dates manually
30. installed bootstrap-select
31. created project.html to create a new project with a name, description,
and a multiple selector dropdown that allows people to search and add all project members
32. updated project view to create a new project when form is filled at project.html
33. created issue.html to create issues within a project
34. added input validation to issue.html
35. created a issue index to view issues
36. added a comment system to issue index
37. adding file upload system to issue index

PAGES
-----
Create Project
    TODO: create custom form for creating a new project

FEATURES
--------
Jira: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xrCJv0fTyR8
- home dashboard:
    activity stream
    bugs assigned to me
    days remaining (to next milestone?)
- Project
    name
    description
    creator
    date of creation
    TODO: many - one relationshop from project to users (we need a list of users)
    TODO: change creator and assignee to be User type
- Issues
    parent project
    type (tasks, bugs)
    priority
    status (assigned / in progress / resolved)
    creator
    assignee
    date of creation
    last update date
    TODO: comment section (with date)
    TODO: full history of issue changes
    TODO: add attachments (images, text, data, links, etc...)

    PRIMARY KEY = id #cite tristan in the docs
- Search
    filter by project name
    filter by issue type
    filter by status
    filter by asignee
    search by text
    MAYBE allow users to see the search filter so that they can message others
- Sprint Tracking
    list of issues in calendar order (status of issue determines color)

YT demo:
- User categories
    admin
    project manager:
        see all project
            for each:
                name, description
                manage user roles (and see all users in database)
                click to expand details
                    see all assigned people
                    see all issues for project
    developer:
        edit ticket

HIERARCHY
project has a
    To Do list which is a set of
        issues

TODO: send emails when an issue is assigned to a user?
TODO: notification center
TODO: users have to have a unique username, but if u create a new account with
an existing username, no error is thrown, yet the account is not created
TODO: remove side bar and put everythin in top? looks ugly on mobile and blocks elements
TODO: add grey out to completed items
TODO: add trash can to delete items and todolists
TODO: Add sign in thru Google, Facebook, and Apple? option
TODO: logout button
TODO: user input not yet validated
TODO: make 404 page
TODO: make user-specific pages more secure? Tim said the if statement is not enough

BUG: when creating account, we are redirected to login page!
BUG: when adding empty item to todolist, no error message appears
